---
layout: tour-page
title:  "Austin, Texas"
date:   2014-06-03 09:48:43
categories: tour 
---

Woke up at Sarah’s pretty early. Basically spent the whole day runnin errands, getting the van title taken care of, and cleaning my apartment. By the time we did all that it was already 6pm. Grabbed some drinks at Rio Rita’s then at the Violet Crown with Sarah.

Loaded in and tried to prepare myself for the show. It’s always the most nerve racking when it’s your hometown because you just worry that your friends won’t show up. Thankfully I had nothing to worry about. Probably 40 of my Dirty Devils came out in support along with a few other awesome people.

Teenage Swoon started us out. Love those dudes, not sure if I’m totally digging the new guitarist but definitely enjoyed the show. Naked Bodies or whatever they were called basically killed the vibe. Noise band. Cleared the room.

We followed. Aside from being really nervous about playing in front of my peers and having my arms lock up immediately, everything went well. It’s hard to get a read from friends since they’ll rarely tell you anything but that you were great. I’m not sure if I’d prefer people to be honest or not. I’d like to think I could deal with that much brutal honesty. Hopefully I can. Either way, Reyna bought a round of tequila for everyone and it was a nice final toast for me.

Dahling closed the show out and I really did enjoy them. Screamy grunge punk. Definitely hope we jam with them again.

After we loaded out we met Sarah at 888 to pick up some pho. Best pho ever. She managed to get pulled over on the way home while driving her roommates truck and the officer thought she was drunk. The boys and I just sat in a parking lot across the street watching her do all the sobriety tests. It was a helpless and terrifying 15 minutes.

We let out a collective sigh once she finally passed and headed on to her place to call it a night.

_______________________________ “No lie, I ate her out for 30 minutes.” -Marcos Gossi
_______________________________ “This is not as easy as it looks in the movies.” -Richard quoting a girl he participated in a devil’s 3-way Eiffel Tower with.
_______________________________