---
layout: tour-page
title:  "Joplin, Missouri"
date:   2014-06-06 09:48:43
categories: tour 
---
We started our VK training sessions today. Did a mile long run around our friends Alan’s apartment. Felt good. Let’s see how much we stick to it.

On the drive to Joplin we managed to get off route a few times but ended up seeing a bunch of really nice beautiful countryside. One of those moments we really should’ve taken a few minutes to stop and grab some nice pictures. Another day we will for sure.

<fig class="sidenote">“They should really change Kum And Go’s name to Ejaculate And Evacuate.” <BR>-rich</fig>

We met up with Richard’s friend, Daniel, here in town and he took us to the bar next to his house before the show. Ok…….. The Pub….. So that scene from Blues Brothers when the walk into the country bar? When the record scratched and everyone stop talking and stared? Totally just happened. Whoa. I ordered a “Makers on the rocks with a little water” and the waitress said, “what the hell is that?”

Good stuff.

Now, unfortunately the band that was supposed to play with us dropped off, so it was just us. Since we’ve done shows like that before I wasn’t terribly bothered by it. So we went ahead and loaded in so we could chill and enjoy free drinks and food. The venue made pretty badass pizzas and even had an option for me since I’m on the gluten free thing for now. It was pretty much a “pizza bowl”, basically just no bread.

<fig class="sidenote">“I hope they jack us all off at the same time. But there’s only 2 masseuses so one of em’s doubling up! That’s called a sapulpa…” <BR>-rich</fig>

As the night went on it became more and more obvious that we were not going to have a crowd. We decided to man up and just get it over with. The building being made shotgun style meant that the few people we did have there stayed back. Now. I know that us being as god damned loud as we are didn’t help either. We made it through a few songs, had some technical difficulties, said fuck it, and called it. It was too awkward to play when everyone was standing 50 feet away.

Later I was told that it actually sounded way better in the back which is why everyone stayed back there. That did a little to help my bruised ego. We ended up selling a little merch and at the end of the night Daniel gave us almost 100 from the “door”. I think he just paid us out from the bar. Way too cool of him, but we need every dime we can get so we couldn’t turn it away.

Our bedtimes stories consisted of trailer park fairy tales by Jerry Springer. Bad acting, worse teeth, and total happiness.
<p><fig class="bottomnote">“They should really change Kum And Go’s name to Ejaculate And Evacuate.” <BR>-rich</fig></p>

<p><fig class="bottomnote">“I hope they jack us all off at the same time. But there’s only 2 masseuses so one of em’s doubling up! That’s called a sapulpa…” <BR>-rich</fig></p>
