---
title: Changes
date: 2015-07-24 09:48:43 Z
layout: post
categories: post
topline: Journal
right: ''
snippet: You never really know when it will hit,<BR>the decision to change.
image: "/img/blog/post-heros/me.jpg"
---

You never really know when it will hit. The decision to change. For me, it was born of desperation. I'd taken a real look at my life and where I was headed. And I didn't like what I was seeing. Sure, I've had goals and dreams. I've known since I was 13 that music was going to play a vital and fulfilling role in my journey. And it has. 

It's given me so many experiences. <!--break--> Many that might seem wild and sometimes scary to an outside party:

<span class="purty">One.</span> Getting pulled over by a small fleet of cops because someone thought my band and the band we were touring with had just ransacked their neighbor's home. Being pierced, tattooed, and in the middle of small town Texas meant the cops had many reasons they decided to not trust us. We had to show them our tour itinerary to prove we had no malicious intent. 

<span class="purty">Two.</span> Playing a block party in the middle a random street in Williamsburg across the river from NYC. Look out at the dismal crowd and seeing Reggie Watts getting doooown to our music. Then having him tweet about us to him 8 gajillion followers. 

<span class="purty">Three.</span> Getting caught in a legitimate riot that took place a block away from the punk basement show at Its A Kling Thing in Akron, OH. Thousands of screaming teens chased by tear gas wielding police in riot gear. 

<span class="purty">Four.</span> Being in Memphis on tour. Canceling our show because our collective favorite band was playing the same night. Getting in free. Getting backstage. Sitting so close behind their amazing drummer that I was a foot and a half from his massive 20" floor tom. Then to have that band give us all their food because they knew what it was like for a young band. Then to go back to the hotel with the entire nights lineup to play poker and blackjack until 7am. 

And pedicabbing the last 3 and a half years has added so many more. I love the freedom from routine and constant surprises both of these sides to me offer. But it's seeming, sadly, as if this part of my life is going to have to take the back burner by necessity. 

I've got bills. And new dreams. New goals. And music and pedicabbing aren't the most viable way to accomplish them. I'm ready to contribute more to the world and my friends. 

These classes are going to be my step towards that. They are going to be the tool that lets me explore the new paths I want to take. And reach the comfort of a life less impeded by bills and the stress they induce. My last lecture is in 2 hours. Then we start the final project. Then my new chapter starts. 



<style type="text/css">
    .purty {
        font-style:italic;
        color: #ee7961;
        font-family: "Lucida Console", "Lucida Sans Typewriter", Monaco, "Bitstream Vera Sans Mono", monospace;
    }
   
</style>
